---
layout: post
title: Week Five
---

##### What did I do this past week?
I finished the Netflix project with my partner Vlad. We calculated our RMSE by using the average value of the customer's yearly
ratings. The RMSE was below 1.00, but the issue that we ran into while submitting our code was Travis CI. For some reason the
code would keep getting killed by Travis. It seems there was a memory issue but we weren't sure why and had to submit the
project with a broken Travis build. If everything else is correct though, the five points will not matter since we get five
extra points for being in a team. This week, a speaker from JPL came to talk to us about his project with Mars. He used a hololens
to create a virtual environment on Mars and it looked amazing! I am intersted to see how this new technology will help us
better understand our neighboring planet. We also had to create an RMSE function in Python from scratch using map and reduce
and I feel like that will be on our exam coming up.

##### What is in your way?
Career fair was this week so a lot of that was on my mind. Interviews are coming up next so I suppose hell week continues on.
I also did not do the readings because of career fair prep so I lost some points there in the quizzes.

##### What will you do next week?
I will read for this upcoming week hopefully and also prepare myself for interviews. I also definitely want to go through Downing's
lecture code so I can understand Python more and hopefully make up so confusing code so that I can understand it later.

##### Tip-of-the-Week
Before career fair, I printed out about fifty resumes. After the career fair, I had about thirty-five left. So the tip of the
week is to find out how you should approach the career fair. Either using the shotgun method or focus method. The shotgun method 
essentially means going to as much companies as possible while handling out your resumes, and very little conversation with
the employer. The focus method involves really communicating to the recruiter about your passion of computer science, past projects,
and anything else that makes you stand out. I talked to many companies for about ten to fifteen minutes each and that time added up,
so in the end, I only gave out fifteen resumes. My goal was to give out at least twenty resumes, so knowing how you want
to approach the career fair is an important step to how to get those interviews.
