---
layout: post
title: Week Two
---

##### H5 What did I do this past week?
I started the first project in the course and it felt as if the project was talked about so thoroughly in class that it was not hard to
complete. I still however need to do some minor things to finish the project such as creating more tests, defining the ifdefs for 
optimization, and completing the JSON file, which I will do so on Labor day. The lectures up till now have still been enjoyable, especially
the story about exception handling and coverage, where it is analogous to being in a relationship with an annoying girlfriend. You can either
ignore the problem and continue on, shoot the girlfriend (and thus halting the problem), or trying to catch the problem and fix it using
exception handling.

##### H5 What is in your way?
My book has finally arrived but I forgot that I used the Amazon lockers in Gregory gym so now I have to wait until Tuesday to pick it up,
The readings for the book however is still in the sample chapters given to us online so I am not really worried about that. The class is
going smoothly so far and I'm looking forward tonext week.

##### H5 What will you do next week?
I will turn in the assignment in once I comeplete the changes and also do the readings. The career fair is creeping up around the corner 
too so I will also fix my resume and finish my personal website to show to companies while I'm there. As of right now, school is not taking
a heavy burden on my time but I think I should try to find something else to look into, which is why I've started reading other blogs. I think
the Facebook culture has made me want to "like" a blog rather than comment on it but I will start doing that as well.

##### H5 Tip-of-the-Week
The tip of the week section of the blog takes the longest to do because I feel that the shortcuts I use, probably everyone else
already knows about it too. Anyways, I use Sublime as my text editor (although maybe other text editors also have the same function)
and I think it's really useful when I can highlight a bunch of code, and comment it out by pressing cmd+/ (or ctrl+/). It helps me
seperate working code and new code with functions or optimizations that I am trying to test out and gives me a sanity check when I
want to change over to code that works, similar to a master and dev branch.
