---
layout: post
title: Week Seven
---

##### What did I do this past week?
The first exam was this week! Before we took the exam however, we talked about pointers. There were different ways to create
pointers, there was a read only pointer, a read and write pointer, a constant pointer that could point and change a variable, and
a constant pointer that could only read a variable. It was a fun class where Professor Downing used a paintball analogy to
described the different type of pointers. The class took an exam this Thursday, which was a lot easier than I expected. Basically
we had to create functions and design a class. I might have written a typo maybe so as long as the code isn't compiled and ran,
I think I did fine.

##### What is in your way?
Last Thursday I had three exams and an interview on one day so I think I studied more for this class, rather than focus on my other
classes. I don't think I did as well on the other classes however. This week I had two interviews and I think I did well so
I'm crossing my fingers for good results.


##### What will you do next week?
I will be doing more interview preperations since I have to finish two final round interviews and start a technical for 
Amazon. October is pretty stressful so far. I'm still looking forward to learning in class since the way Downing teaches feels
like he's an interviewer.


##### Tip-of-the-Week
I am not sure how much people have written scripts but they are a handy way to save time. The reason I it's useful is because I
found myself cd'ing into the same documents over and over again or even ssh'ing into school multiple times. It's really easy to
set up, just cd into your home directory and create a new file, either in a text editor or on your term by just vim *newfile*.
Whatever command line that you would like to use, basically just type that into the file and save the file. To use the new file,
just ./*newfile* and it'll run the script, which over time, saves a lot of time!
