---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

##### What did I do this past week?
I found a partner to work with on the Netflix project. We have already started on it and we need to find out how to get RMSE below 1,
as of right now, the RMSE is at 1.00. A colleague has told us to read the prediction analysis paper on the project schedule to learn how
to do machine learning. This week we went deeper into addresses and pointers, so I will make programs that test it out so I
can get a clearer understanding of the topic. A person from Bloomberg also came to give us a presentation and I thought it was
a good presentation of what tools they used at Bloomberg. Bloomberg sounds like a great place to work at with all of their
outreach programs, but seems intimidating since they are constantly pumping out new products. It sounds like there is a decent
amount of pressure to be constantly changing, which is good in the technological world, but seems really stressful to the 
developers. Either way, I would still love to attend their booth and see if I can grab an interview with them.

##### What is in your way?
Career fair is coming up, and that fact in itself is stressing me a lot. My partner noticed that I had a lot of white hair, 
which I'm sure came from thinking about the career fair. Meeting with my partner has not been a problem so I think that is a
good thing so far.

##### What will you do next week?
I will finish the Netflix project and hopefully get some interviews at the career fair. Other than that, I need to also focus
on homework from other classes.

##### Tip-of-the-Week
I have been printing out the output of probe.txt to the console, which slowed down calculating RMSE a lot since it consumes 
a good amount of CPU. Xuming Zeng helped point out this problem and now calculating RMSE takes about six seconds, which is
at least %99 better. My partner and I piped the output into another file instead, same result, with better efficiency on time.
