---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

##### H5 What did I do this past week?
Well first off I'm writing this blog late because non-related to the class, I am working again and I forgot that there was a 
blog due the first week. However, luckily I was fortunate enough that Professor Downing is allowing for the first blog to be
late so much thanks to him. Now back to the class, I liked the fact that it is being taught while looking at code because it
feels like I'm learning and coding at the same time, which helps a lot when learning a new language like C++. It is very similar 
to C as of right now since it has the same old headers and using namespace std, but I'm sure that we will learn the differences
as the class goes on.

##### H5 What is in your way?
If I had to give my thoughts on what could go wrong this semester, I would probably say time management right now and my 
ability to study new material. The way Professor Downing lectures is nice because he has a strong sharp tone so I can focus
in class and there are also bits of comedic relief from time to time. I'm looking forward to the rest of the lectures.

##### H5 What will you do next week?
Next week has already passed but what I did do and told myself to do was read the readings and start on the first project early
on. It is the first week so getting ahead is crucial and I would not like to fall behind. I also will start turning in these blogs
on time!

##### H5 Tip-of-the-Week
I recently started self teaching myself HTML, javascript, and CSS and Bootstrap is amazing! It is an amazing framework to 
work with and it has made my website look very nice. There is also a lot customization so if there is a type of web layout
that you would wish to make, using Bootstrap can definitely make it look good.
