---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

##### What did I do this past week?
In class we created a Range Iterator object so that we could learn about constructors and the friend type. The range_iterator class
is essentially an iterator for an iterable object, that can be dereferenced for numbers. We talked about default constructors, which every
class inherits unless there is a built in constructor, and we also talked about copy constructors, and copy assignment constructors, which
I know the piece of code that makes the difference between a copy constructor and copy assignment constructor, but I don't necessarily
know the specific difference between the two. Class on Friday had a lot of information that I felt like I need to review for the upcoming
class.

##### What is in your way?
I have a lot of interviews with company this week that may get into studying for class. It is pretty nervewracking because I have three
exams on Thursday, and an interview with RedHat in morning as well so that will be a fantastic stressful experience. 

##### What will you do next week?
I will type some code in C++ to review for the exam, specifically try handle errors, references and pointers, and I will also try to 
recreate the iterator object from memory to understand the building a class more. I also want to read more into the friend type because
from what I remember at the end of class, we basically made it a friend to itself so that if could create an object initialized by 
parenthesis and the objects inside of that, which is still confusing me.

##### Tip-of-the-Week
HackRank.com is an awesome source to prep for job interviews. I used it to review over the data structures in C++ and I'm also currently
doing challenges that was inspired by Cracking the Code for job interviews, which in the beginning went over trees, arrays, and hash tables,
so it is a great way to review before an interview!
